
=== Short ideas ===

=== Piss Rat ===
A rat watches you piss of the wall early one morning. You can decide to use them as a toilet. Your rat get's the golden
aspect. After which as long as you have a minion with golden they'll show up on occasion for a piss scene. If that
minion dies somehow and you no longer have any minions with golden you can have an event where you decide to make a new
one. Optionally make a shit rat too.

=== Cursed Dildo ===
While excavating your minions discover a brutal looking dildo, massive and spiked. It's faintly magical, but you're
unable to determine what it's for exactly. A few days later one of your minions is found dead, impaled on the massive
dong. A short investigation reveals that they did it to themselves. The dildo creates an obsession in people who hold
it, making them want to force the thing inside of them, fucking it even as it shreds their insides. The dildo can be
disenchanted, allowing the player to learn an enchantment that can be used to turn a minion into an extreme size queen

=== Breeding and Culling Rats ===
I think every couple of weeks 4 to 6 rats just arrive and join up with you. This should happen throughout the game,
leading you to have far too many rats over time. Once you have >30 rat minions you can have a rat snuff party where you
and your other minions kill the ten or so weakest rats in a blood orgy, sacrifice sort of thing. The rat chief will
pick the rats to kill, but you might get to choose the theme for the event.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The following scene ideas were from a previous version so some of the names and places no longer apply here, but we
should be able to easily update them so that they make sense in the updated world.

=== Pregnancy Fetishists ===

Event though it's impossible for anyone to give birth to a sentient being in the Rhysh, I still want there to be
breeding fetishists in the game. Through magical means people are still able to get pregnant with non-sentient
creatures. I think I want to create to plot heavy characters for all of this. One, a nymph who just loves getting
pregnant and giving birth in front of crowds, and a succubus who loves getting pregnant just so she can then get a
violent abortion. I know we at least want a scene where the succubus comes to you and asks to be stuffed with about
50-60 rats she brought along with here. A few days later she asks you to fist her with a bladed gauntlet to kill them
all, nothing to extreme.

=== Crazy Ass Animals ===

A pretty common encounter in the Rhysh will be heavily modified animals, mostly dogs and horses, but other things too.
Some have been so twisted that they're impossible to recognize now. Things like dogs with six human breasts hanging
underneath them that are so large they can't move anymore.

=== Womb Snakes ===

A type of snake found pretty much everywhere that can get a character pregnant. The snakes lie in wait then strike
right at the cunt with paralyzing venom. The snake then crawls into the pussy, all the way into the womb, curls up and
begins to lay eggs for the next few days. After three or four days the eggs hatch, adding an event where the character
gives birth to a writhing mass of snakes. If you have the right equipment you can capture some snakes. Their venom is
used to make potions that paralyze and dilate.

=== Shitty Foods ===

Shredding Wheat
An invasive species of wheat that when eaten causes severe constipation. The character's shit turns hard as rock and
grows sharp edged spikes. The shit can accrue for days, leaving the character shitting out a spiky brick the size of a
watermelon after a few days. A character that experiences this should undergo a permanent anal change, probably a
prolapse. It's difficult to find. No farmer wants it anywhere near their fields. A character may find a wild patch
growing in the Brightwood or the Brierwood though.

Ranzar's Wild Boar
A magically cursed species of wild boar that can be found in the Greenwood. If you eat the boar meat it causes severe
and painful uncontrollable explosive diarrhea, really turns your guts inside out, and only takes about an hour or so.

Anal Foods
Not sure how this would happen, perhaps you find a recipe or need to do this for a ritual. The idea though is you make
a meal inside one of your minion's ass, then at dinner they squat over a plate and shit it out. Something like oatmeal.
The cooking could be pretty involved I think, ingredients stuffed inside one after another, then vigorously stirred
with a wooden spoon, then left to stew. Sort of a slow cooker, low temperature recipe unless your minion is a succubus
or something.

=== Toys ===

Traveling Orb
This innocuously named fist sized orb made of rose quartz has been magically enchanted to 'travel' the length of a
person's digestive tract. Used thoroughly clean a person out from the bottom to the top. It's pushed into a character's
ass where it slowly but inexorably makes it's way up through a character's guts, sweeping everything they've digested
or eaten upwards until it's forced all the character's shit up out of their mouth and nose, until finally the orb falls
from their mouth.

Traveling Orb + Ranzar's Wild Boar
A scene where we combining force feeding a character Ranzar's Boar meat then push the orb into their ass, leading to
an incredibly painful reversal of the digested cursed meat back up through their guts.

Traveling Orb + Ranzar's Wild Boar + Willowing
A scene identical to the one above, except we stuff Willowing into the suffering character's ass before the orb, that
way she get's to make the trip as well.

=== The Cistern ===

There is no central sewer system in the Brightwood, so the toilets in your business use the same cistern that the
old sanitarium did. I think we need a scene where you find the old cistern, now just a tile floor and some raised seats
that lead down into it. You shouldn't be able to down into it though until much later. The cistern has a strange design,
that seems set up to gather shit into pits rather than letting it all wash away in the underground stream, probably for
later harvesting. There's also a mute quadriplegic girl living down in all that filth, who you eventually discover
sometime during act 2. She's completely mindbroken, but you should eventually be able to get her to respond again, or
you could just keep her as a toilet/pain slave. Treating her well will help her recover, and abusing her will cause her
to stay the same.

I think this also answers one of the big questions I've been thinking about too, namely what's in the vaults of the old
sanitarium. And it's mostly people, previous sanitarium guests who've been basically kidnapped then put into severe
long running bondage situations and that still continue to this day. I think we can have a wide variety of strange
situations all of these people have found themselves, mostly a lot of orifice stretching, body modification, parasite
seed beds, and forced monster birthing. These people are all mindbroken now, but can all also be nursed back to health
and made into normal employees, or they can be kept as toys, or even left where they are. Disconnect the girl from the
machine that forcer her to give birth to breast growth parasites out of her nipples, and you lose that potential
parasite source.

=== Toilet Attendants ===

I want a scene where you use one or two bathroom attendants. You should be given the choice to use one or both of a
couple attendants and either piss or shit in them, or simply have them clean you off. The normal attendant uniform is
completely nude, this helps indicate that they're there for guests use. Also, decisions that lead to some kind of sex
scene should be tagged in the link. Something like "(scat) Use the attendant", that way you know what's coming up, and
can avoid it if you don't want to see the scene. When there's a tagged option, there should also always be an
alternative.

=== Mage Hands ===

Mage Hands is a common spell, allowing you to have control of a pair of invisible telekinetic hands. One branch we can
go down in a sex encounter is to summon hands to finger someone with. They're invisible, so you just see your partner's
holes being stretched open and deformed by the probing fingers, maybe even fisted if they're prepared for that. As you
use the hands though you get better at them. Eventually you'll be able to summon 4 hands at once then 8, either for use
on multiple partners or just multiple hands in someone. They have no mass either, so it's possible to say jack off your
cock at the same time it's fully inside of someone. They can fully operate under clothes too, so you could even start
fingering one of your employees while they're across the room, trying to work.

=== Rituals ===

Really far from now, but I think I'd like for there to be a prolapse progression. First your minion starts to game,
then they'll start to permanently prolapse. If you keep working on developing their prolapse eventually you'll be able
to prepare to sacrifice them. That involves tying off the end of their meat sock like ass, so that over the course of
a week or so it fills with shit. It will look like an inflated sausage hanging out of their ass. You take them to your
ritual chamber, have them kneel ass up on the alter, and feed them a drug that then makes them shit uncontrollably.
Their body essentially guts itself, as they push an unbelievable amount of shit into their inverted ass, which just
grows and falls onto the alter like a sausage. You slice it off at their anus, leaving your minion hollow and dying,
and offer the demons the shit sausage.
