


It’s dangerous to go outside.
At first we were just trying to keep the disease from spreading, but now the fighting has broken out.
I could have it much worse of course.
I have a home and I have resources; enough to last indefinitely as long as I can have food delivered.
It’s depressing though, seeing everything that I once cared about crumble into ruin. It doesn't help that it’s been months since I’ve left my home; every day blending together with the last.
I was already struggling with numerous psychological problems, and this lock down has only amplified them.
When confronted with a stressful situation I completely shut down. My mind constructs elaborate fantasy worlds. Worlds I can hide within while the real world passes me by.
Every day though passes by with unending sameness, and the real world has become a type of sensory deprivation chamber. It’s almost faded away completely, leaving my fantasies feeling more and more real to me.
And, like my mood, my fantasies have grown dark. Hideous, horrifying, sadistic, and most of all sexual.
There are days when I don’t even get out of bed, preferring to spend the day lounging nude in my sheets, slowly stroking, edging, pleasuring myself as my mind is inflamed with fantasies both brutal and perverse.
It’s on one of these days where this story begins.

...

With a loud grunt I finally allow myself to cum.
I've spend hours edging myself, the agonizing slowness building towards a truly massive orgasm that leaves me grunting and thrusting in my bed, thick ropes of cum arching upwards and raining back down on me.
When my orgasm finally subsides I open my eyes and see a tiny woman, sitting on my end table watching me. Or at least watching my still twitching and dripping cock.
She's completely nude and maybe twelve or thirteen inches tall with deep crimson skin and a pair of small leathery wings folded up behind her. Her chest is almost completely flat but her prominent black nipples are quite large for her tiny frame.
I clear my throat, getting her attention and say, "Um, hello there, I don't believe we've met." in a nonchalant sort of way. She's just a figment of my imagination after all.
She tears her gaze away from my cock and says, "Oh hi! I'm Cinnamon."
I blink a few times at the foot tall woman. Strange, I don't recognize her, which if I made her up I think I would. "Hi Cinnamon... Did you need something?"
She nods happily. "Yes master! I'm here to assist you in your quest."
"My quest?"
"Yes. Maldrasen, The Grand Duke of the Grove of Corruption has made you his champion and has sent me to aid you in your tasks for the court."
I slowly sit up in the bed and start to towel myself off a bit, "Oh? First I've heard of it."
"Of course," she says with a laugh, "I'm his messenger too."
I sigh and nod. Well, it would seem that I've finally gone completely mad. Might as well see how all this plays out. "I see. And what does the Grand Duke of the Grove of Corruption require of me, his humble servant?"
Cinnamon grins wickedly, "Whatever you like. We're simply going to grant you a portion of our power, and see what you do with it."
"That's... generous. Why me? And what does Maldrasen get in return?"
"He's been watching you. For months now, drawn to the raw sexual energy and longing emanating from you. His domains are corruption, filth, perversion, degeneracy and sadism. You exemplify these traits."
"By gifting you with power, he expects that you'll use it, to do whatever filthy and perverse thing you can imagine. And as the demon granting you your power, he'll experience it all as well, living vicariously through you."
"With the hope too of course that you might even be able to expand upon what's been done before, pushing against the boundaries of what's possible, and delving into realms of perversion that no one has even considered."
I nod. For a daydream this seems unusually ... lucid. With lots of details that I don't remember making up myself. Cinnamon seems unusually 'present' as well, like she's really here and not just a figment of my imagination. Though it's been difficult for me to separate fantasy from reality lately, in this case it's impossible.
"So, Champion of Corruption, do you have any questions before we begin?"

1. First, tell me a little more about yourself.
   "Sure. What would you like to know?"

   1.1 Are you real?
   She smiles slyly, "Would you believe me if I said I was?" She shrugs, "In the end it doesn't really matter does it? Sure, maybe this is all some elaborate fantasy that you've trapped yourself in. Real or not though all you need to do is enjoy yourself."
   "All I can promise is that everything will feel real to you. And if your senses are telling you that everything is real, then the reality that you find yourself in is indistinguishable from actual reality."
   "After all, why would you think that you, living alone quarantined in some house somewhere, is reality either?"

   1.2 What are you exactly?
   She unfolds her wings and gives them a flap. "I'm an imp! Other demons treat us like we're the lowest of the low, but really we just like being servants. If we can be useful and make our masters happy, then we're happy."

   1.3 How long were you watching me?
   She grins, "A couple of hours. I stayed invisible so you wouldn't see me until you were finished. I came three times myself while watching you."

   1.4 You don't look old enough for this sort of thing...
   She sticks her tongue out at you. "It's my tits isn't it? Well I'll have you know that I'm an immortal ageless creature for whom time has no meaning. I'm older than your civilization. I'm older than your fucking planet. But if you're saying that because you're concerned about some sort of moralistic taboo about sex with underage children," she winks at you, "then I'm thirteen."

   1.5 Nevermind.

2. What exactly are we going to be doing?
   "Well, the first thing that we're going to do is summon a demon."
   "You'll need to decide what kind of demon you want to summon of course. There are a lot of different kinds of demons and you never really know for sure what you're going to end up with," she grins, "but that's all part of the fun."
   "From there, we'll take her, or him, or hir, or it, and train it to serve you."
   "Even if the demon you summon isn't exactly what you're looking for you can change it however you like; alter it's mind, it's body, add more dicks, anything you can think of really."
   "These modifications will take time of course, but our end goal is to get you the perfect sex slave."

    2.1 And I can do anything I like?
    She grins, "Of course master! Fuck them however you want. Feed them horse shit then beat them senseless, break their bones, torture them to death. There's nothing they can't survive. Even if you kill them we can just resummon them. And then kill them again. And then resummon them. Over and over for a long as you like."

    2.2 I see, so can I make you my sex slave?
    She blushes, "Um, sorry. That's one stipulation I forgot to mention. I have to remain your assistant. If you turn me into a mindless fuck pig, I won't be able to serve you to my full capacity."

    2.3 That's all

3. I'm ready now. Let's do this.

Cinnamon nods excitedly and flaps her wings flying around your bedroom. "Come master. I looked all around your house while you were busy masturbating. Let's go to your basement and summon a demon!"
I shake my head and follow the excitable imp. I'm still nude, as I often am these days. No need for modesty in a situation like this after all.
The basement is unfinished in this house. It's a large single room that I keep completely empty. I don't even use it for storage as it's susceptible to flooding.
As I walk down the stairs I'm surprised to see a warm glow emanating from the depths. There are dozens, maybe even a hundred candles lighting the space.
It's hot down here, and I've already started to sweat. I wave a hand over one of the flames and quickly pull it back. It certainly feels like a real fire.
As I approach the center of the basement I see that the imp has drawn a complicated looking symbol on floor. "Here master. I've started the Sigil of Summoning. I just need to add a few more details and we can pull something from the Abyss."
She looks at me expectedly, "What do you want to try to capture?"

(Summon Form, Select Species and Gender)
